README.md, before:

chivalry-giantslayers
=====================

Everyone starts at 60% normal size. 

Every kills grows you, and your health, by 15%. 


Feel free to reuse this mod or any parts of it. Just rename any derivative mods to something else to avoid confusion.

=================

In the Steam Workshop: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=226726898

The "Creating the Giant Slayers mod" tutorial: https://tornbannerjira.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=20054366

=================

Currently this only supports FFA, and there are some bugs (players are so small to start with that they 'swim' in Cistern; on maps with landscape you'll occasionally clip through it when you kill someone unless you jump first). There are plans to improve it now that we've seen how entertaining this thing is, though. 

=================

Using the .cmwsdk file from the Workshop, or after compiling and cooking this mod locally (setting the "modname" to "giantslayers"):


Start a server with ?modname=giantslayers on the command line (appended to the map). For example:

UDK.exe aoctd-frigid_p?modname=giantslayers ...

=================

You can specify the mod you'd like to use in the maplist as well (in PCServer-UDKGame.ini), allowing you to switch between mods if you want. For example: 

Maplist=aoctd-frigid_p?modname=giantslayers 

Maplist=aoctd-moor_p?modname=someothermod 

================= 

If you want to play offline, just use the 'open' console command, again appending ?modname

open aocffa-arena3_p?modname=giantslayers

Commit message:

Update README to match updated Workshop description

README.md, after:

chivalry-giantslayers
=====================

Everyone starts at 60% normal size.

Every kill grows you, and your health, by 15%.


Feel free to reuse this mod or any parts of it. Just rename any derivative mods to something else to avoid confusion.

=================

In the Steam Workshop: http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=226726898

The "Creating the Giant Slayers mod" tutorial: https://tornbannerjira.atlassian.net/wiki/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=20054366

=================

To start a game offline, in the console, do:

open aocffa-arena3_p?modname=giantslayers
(use 'maplist ffa' to get a list of all FFA maps)


To use this on a server:

1a) Add this switch to the server's command line to have it download automatically:

-sdkfileid=226726898

1b) OR, download the mod with a client (using the launcher) and upload it to the server's UDKGame/CookedSDK/__CMWSDKFiles directory

2a) After logging in as an admin:

admin servertravel aocffa-arena3_p?modname=giantslayers
(note: Giant Slayers will now run as your default mode until you either servertravel to a different mod, or restart the server)

2b) OR, start the server with ?modname=giantslayers appended to the map name; an example of a full command line including the -sdkfileid:

chivalry_ded_server/Binaries/Win64/UDK.exe aocffa-arena3_p?dedicated=true?steamsockets?modname=giantslayers -seekfreeloadingserver -sdkfileid=226726898
